Merl 1749 faust should warn if the secret key is invalid (#1777)
wpengine/faustjs: .changeset/honest-buckets-cry.md

---
"@faustwp/cli": patch
"@faustwp/wordpress-plugin": patch
---

> Merl 1749 faust should warn if the secret key is invalid 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Faust now warns you if the secret key in your environment is invalid or incorrect.
```

Author: Good call! Tweaked ✅
